What is Encapsulation?
    Definition: Data hiding
    PIQ: How do you implement this OPP concept?
    1. Make all or necessary fields/attributes/variables private access modifier
    2. Getter and Setter methods we reach the fields and do some action(read, writing, using the field)
    3. We don't reach the fields directly, we reach through some conditions
    4. We will use this concept at Singleton Driver Concept
    5. Salary field (condition for setting the field, > 0), retrive your username that you
    have forgatten from an application, getter method for userName might need your email
    6. CONDITION part is noe necessary, depends on your code scenario

Future Topic: ENUMs

Concepts in Coding: they encounter a problem, until some genius finds a general solution

When your ar learning a new topic: Consider this question first--Why did they need to create this?
Second: Have your OWN words to describe a topic.

*****  How do you use OOP concept in your (testing) Framework?

OOP Concepts we will learn:

Encapsulation
Inheritance
Abstraction
Polymorphism

** Write Only Classes
      -- Only have setter method for that field
** Read Only Classes
      -- Only have getter method for that field: Credential Class Username filed is
      read-only, immutable(Strings) -- No mutation
              Mutation: Changing
              -- Person class is read-only
INHERITANCE
1. When a class inherits fields and actions of another class
2. With the extends keyword
3. Builds a "IS A" relationsShip ( we also "HAS A" relationsship)

What can be inherited?
-- all public fields and methods
-- all protected var. and meth. --- In actual lif, developers usually make the fields
-- all default var. and meth. YES only if they are in the same package

What can NOT be inherited?
- private vars. and meth.
- constructors are not inherited, though they are called first with super()
   Class A() -- Parent
   Class B() extends A() {} -- Child
   main{ B obj = new B(); first constructor of A class is called then B}
- final class can NOT be inherited
    final class ABC() {}
    NOT SAY class XYZ extends ABC
    Benefit: Reusability and Maintability

    CTRL + R or CMND + R o easily replace code with new one

    Normally we get Default Constructor for FREE, but if you already created a parameterized



